# *Practice*

## Additional Information

> Traditional deployment era: Early on, organizations ran applications on physical servers. There was no way to define resource boundaries for applications in a physical server, and this caused resource allocation issues. For example, if multiple applications run on a physical server, there can be instances where one application would take up most of the resources, and as a result, the other applications would underperform. A solution for this would be to run each application on a different physical server. But this did not scale as resources were underutilized, and it was expensive for organizations to maintain many physical servers.

> Virtualized deployment era: As a solution, virtualization was introduced. It allows you to run multiple Virtual Machines (VMs) on a single physical server's CPU. Virtualization allows applications to be isolated between VMs and provides a level of security as the information of one application cannot be freely accessed by another application.

> Virtualization allows better utilization of resources in a physical server and allows better scalability because an application can be added or updated easily, reduces hardware costs, and much more. With virtualization you can present a set of physical resources as a cluster of disposable virtual machines.

> Each VM is a full machine running all the components, including its own operating system, on top of the virtualized hardware.

> Source: [Kubernetes.io - Overview](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/)

## Questions

1. What is the purpose of virtualization?
2. What is the role of a hypervisor?
3. What is meant by "host system" (host)?
4. What is meant by "virtual machine" (VM)?
5. What is a "guest OS" (guest)?
6. What are snapshots, and why are they used?